fix broken links (#225)
flatcar-linux/flatcar-docs: docs/installing/cloud/aws-ec2.md

          Next, we need to specify a discovery URL, which contains a unique token that allows us to find other hosts in our cluster. If you're launching your first machine, generate one at <a href="https://discovery.etcd.io/new?size=3">https://discovery.etcd.io/new?size=3</a>, configure the `?size=` to your initial cluster size and add it to the metadata. You should re-use this key for each machine in the cluster.
        </li>
        <li>

>           Use <a href="../../provisioning/cl-config">ct</a> to convert the following configuration into an Ignition config, and back in the EC2 dashboard, paste it into the "User Data" field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Use <a href="../../reference/migrating-to-clcs/provisioning">ct</a> to convert the following configuration into an Ignition config, and back in the EC2 dashboard, paste it into the "User Data" field.
```
I think changing this back will solve the conflict without having to do a rebase
